update install instructions for macos m1 (#860)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/contribute/mobile/developer-setup/_index.md

#### Install Ruby
##### Windows 10
- Install Ruby from [here](https://rubyinstaller.org/)

##### MacOs

> While MacOs supply a ruby environment, it is being deprecated and it will only suffice if your architecture is intel based. For M1 it is recommended to install ruby via homebrew

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While MacOS supplies a Ruby environment, it's being deprecated and it will only suffice if your architecture is Intel-based. For M1-based architecture, it's recommended to install Ruby using Homebrew.
```

> While MacOS supplies a Ruby environment, it's being deprecated and it will only suffice if your architecture is Intel-based. For M1-based architecture, it's recommended to install Ruby using Homebrew.

Reviewer 2: What about rvm? I use rvm with no issues but never tried it on an M1 chipset

Author: I haven't tried that, so I don't know if that works. brew was the recommended approach where i looked

Reviewer 2: Look into rvm and add it as an option if it works, the same way we do for node

Author: it will have to wait then, I'm not at my place and I didn't carry the mac mini around and my laptop is intel based. I'll be back in 3 weeks so I'll take a look after I'm back. Thanks for clarifying

```sh
$ brew install ruby
```
#### Install Git
##### Windows 10
- Install git from [here](https://git-scm.com/download/win)

#### Install `bundler --version 2.1.4` gem

```sh

> $ gem install bundler --version 2.1.4

Reviewer 2: isn't this installed with the postinstall script ?

Author: yes, but it doesn't make sense to ask for a version and then have a script to override that

Reviewer 2: Then let's remove the need for bundler and lets leave the script to install it if needed
